[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, they return to the
Sabaody Archipelago
and move forward to next
stage of their journey:
The New World.
Am I mistaken, or did they
call you "Captain Luffy"?
Why wouldn't they
call me that?
I mean, you realize who you're
talking to right now, don't you?
Go! Get outta my way
before I grab your intestines
and pull them out your ear!
You're not Straw Hat,
you human pile of garbage.
Not even close!
[PIRATES]
What?!
So that's it.
They thought that they
could join the Straw Hats
and enter the New World.
And although I cannot
imagine why,
the real Straw Hat is
here somewhere, too.
[LUFFY]
That was close!
It's... It's really
him, isn't it?
[PIRATES]
That's Straw Hat Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Second Gear.
You're way too slow.
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum... Jet Pistol!
This is worse than I thought.
He's able to use Haki now.
Luffy! Shoulda known!
All I had to do was
follow the explosions
and I knew I'd find you!
Man, it's been forever, huh?
I bet everyone's so cool now!
I can't wait to see!
Ha! Uh.
[chuckles]
[RAYLEIGH]
I came to check on you,
but it seems you have
this under control.
[LUFFY]
Uh-huh.
One last thing.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
You hear me?!
[LUFFY]
"Everyone Together!
Luffy, Setting Out
for the New World!"
[HANCOCK]
Things are getting ugly.
If they don't move quickly,
they won't make it out alive.
[chuckles]
Uh! What are you doing?
Hurry up and capture
them already!
[MARINES yelling]
[SANJI]
Gotta move, Luffy!
[ZORO] We appreciate
the help, Rayleigh!
Well, we're off!
Thanks again for everything.
See ya! I'm outta here!
[RAYLEIGH]
Good luck.
[inaudible]
[MARINE AA]
They're on the move! After them!
[MARINE BB]
Don't let 'em get away!
Let nothing stop you
from reaching the top!
[MARINE CC]
The Straw Hats are making
a beeline for Grove 42!
Catch them at any cost!
[MARINE B]
The hell?
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE B]
Dark King Rayleigh.
Why don't you just
let the boy sail?
He's been out of the game,
so take it easy.
Uh. That's an intense line.
If you think that's intense,
then why don't you
try crossing it?
[LUFFY] Whoa! That's a lot!
You really went all out!
What's inside?
[SANJI]
It's our food stock.
I bought in bulk 'cause I'm
sure everyone's stomachs
have gotten bigger
over these two years.
This should keep us
all happy for a while.
Good thinking! I haven't had
your cooking in way too long!
Over here! We found them!
[MARINES yelling]
[ZORO] Crap! They got
ahead of us somehow!
Looks like we're gonna have
to fight our way through!
Charge in! We've got this!
[MARINES yell]
[NEGATIVE GHOST laughs]
[MARINE D]
Huh?
[MARINE G]
I'm as worthless as a flea.
What's wrong? Get up before--
Oh, no! What happened
to their morale?
[NEGATIVE GHOST laughing]
[MARINE D ]
I... I am nothing but a louse.
This sure looks familiar.
[NEGATIVE GHOST laughing]
[PERONA] How did I know it was
you guys causing that ruckus?
So typical.
You're fooling around
with the Navy
when you should've
been gone long ago!
Whoa! Well, aren't you
a sight for sore eyes?
[LUFFY]
We know her?
[ZORO]
Speak for yourself!
If you were smart,
you would've bailed by now!
You wouldn't even be here
if it weren't for me,
so don't start, mister!
Who knows where you would've
wound up on your own?
The least you could do
is be gracious!
[PERONA yelps]
She's an actual woman.
With real life girly parts!
Of course I am! What the hell
is your damage, you freak?
All right, enough of this.
You guys need to get moving.
There's Navy ships nearby,
so you're running out of time!
If you don't get out of here
soon, you'll never escape.
[SANJI] While that is bad,
we have a bigger problem.
I can't seem to move
from this spot at all.
Would you mind not being
a total creepazoid?
[SANJI]
I can't help myself!
--[PERONA screams]
--Take me!
[SANJI]
I'm lower than earthworm poop.
[LUFFY]
What's that?
[CHOPPER]
I finally found you guys!
[chuckles]
[BROOK laughing]
Look who's here!
[BROOK]
Usopp! Nami! Robin! Franky!
Yo-hoo!
All right! You're here!
What a surprise!
I didn't think you'd
abandon stardom! Attaboy!
[laughs]
Nothing could keep me
from coming back.
I've missed you all so.
I see that you two have
only grown lovelier
in our time apart.
[BROOK]
With all that in mind,
there's something
I need to know.
Ooh. It's already
song time, huh?
Please, Nami.
May I look at your panties?
[NAMI]
No way in hell!
I never let you look
at them two years ago,
why would I let you
see them now?
Right. I was just
excited to see you.
It made my soul shake.
And it's still
shaking right now.
In fact, it's about to leak
out of my ear, I think...
[USOPP] I didn't think you
could have a muscle spasm
without any muscles.
Seriously?
How is it none of you have grown
up after all of this time?
[BROOK]
Rejection aside,
I was actually expecting
to be the last one here.
Don't worry,
Chopper is off looking
for our missing companions.
[LUFFY]
Hey!
Talk about perfect timing!
[LUFFY]
Guys!
Hey!
Told you I would find 'em!
[USOPP, BROOK, NAMI laughing]
[USOPP]
Luffy! Zoro! Sanji!
Hey!
[chuckles]
Together again! I've been
waiting for this day!
And everyone looks
stronger! I like it!
[chuckles]
It feels like it's been forever!
[LUFFY laughs]
Looks like we're the last--
Hi, guys!
--[sputtering]
--[CHOPPER gasps]
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
[CHOPPER screams]
[CHOPPER]
He's hemorrhaging!
Thanks a lot for the ride!
Tell everyone back in the
Birdie Kingdom I say "hi."
[BIRDIE A caws]
How is he? Has the
bleeding stopped yet?
Not one... but two beautiful
women in front of me...
Stay with me, man.
Don't give up yet!
It's no good, Chopper! He's
getting paler by the second!
Ah! You... look...
so cool, Franky!
Yeah, you think so? Good!
But even if you didn't, I could
change my style at will. Mecha!
"Mecha"? Let me try!
[NAMI]
Okay, focus!
This is no time to
be fooling around!
We need to get outta
here while we can
before the Navy's on top of us!
[gasps]
[STRAW HATS yelp]
No, it looks like
we're too late!
I see three Navy ships.
If we don't do something fast,
we're gonna be
dead in the water!
[MARINE H] Fire! Sink
that ship at all costs!
Oh, no. They're gonna hit!
[HANCOCK]
Slave... Arrow!
What? They stopped in midair.
Wait. Captain.
[MARINE I]
It's the Kuja Pirates!
[HANCOCK]
Answer me this, knaves.
Which one of you
had the audacity
to place your disgusting
ship in my path?
That flag... It can't be.
You know it?
[ROBIN]
That's the Kuja symbol.
They're a strong
crew of Amazonians
lead by one of the
Seven Warlords.
You're joking, right?
Not at all. Her name
is Boa Hancock.
They say anyone who
lays eyes on her
will be enamored by her
beauty and turned to stone,
unless she grants you mercy.
[BROOK]
Whoa! Oh, I can see why!
Beauty starts and ends with her!
If I had eyes,
they'd be sparkling!
Oh, wow! She's like
a real-life goddess!
[gasps]
Is she really that
fine? Lemme see!
My goddess. Where?
Gotta find her.
I wanna see. I wanna. I wanna.
He's as hard as a rock!
[LUFFY] Hancock said she
wasn't comin' here.
[USOPP, SANJI, BROOK]
Huh?
[MARINE H] We order you to move
your ship outta the way!
You're interfering with
official Navy business!
It's your ship
that's in my way.
So I suppose it's you that's
"interfering with official
Navy business."
Uh. That's really an
immature argument.
I get what I want.
[MARINES gasp]
[HANCOCK] Go, Luffy.
I've bought you some time.
Ah!
She winked at us!
I could die of ecstasy!
[LUFFY]
Looks like we have an opening.
Let's set sail!
Do you know that
Warlord or something?
[LUFFY]
Yeah, I made friends with her
when that bear guy sent
me to Amazon Lily.
You mean the legendary island
where only women live?
I never believed it
was a real place.
You've been pallin' around
with the Pirate Empress?
Come clean, now!
You weren't really
training at all
these past two years, were you?
What else would
I have been doin'?
[SANJI]
Damn! It's not fair!
That would've been a
dream come true for me!
[LUFFY]
What's his problem?
[MARGARET] Wow! So those
are Luffy's friends!
I've never seen so many strange
creatures together before.
There's one...
They look like such a fun crew!
[NAMI] Okay! Everyone in
position to set sail!
--Aye-aye!
--[SANJI] Yes, Nami-swan!
[CHOPPER]
What's the matter, Usopp?
Something just occurred to me.
You never said you beat
the Navy soldiers inland.
We didn't.
We just flew past them,
but we could hear them shouting
from behind us in the distance.
[USOPP]
Then what could be stopping them
from coming after us?
[MARINES yelling]
This is backup unit Platoon
Three! Do you copy?
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE L] We read you.
What's happening?
[MARINE K] We are unable
to reach Grove 42!
[MARINE L]
What? Why?
[MARINE K]
Well, because...
There are giant bugs currently
halting our advance.
[MARINE L]
Wait, giant what?
[MARINE K screaming]
These things are monsters!
[MARINE DD]
Shoot it!
[screams]
[HERACLES] I won't let
anyone get in the way
of Usopp'n goin' adventurin'.
[HERACLES sniffs]
[HERACLES] Men don't shed
tears when they part ways!
Good Luck, Usopp'n.
[FRANKY] Who cares why they
aren't comin' after us?
The worse their lives are,
the better ours'll be.
Heh. It's time to
get outta here.
Nami, lead the way.
[NAMI]
You got it.
All right.
[MARINE M]
This is Platoon Four.
Afraid I have bad news.
All our gunpowder has been
ruined by a sudden rain shower.
[MARINE EE]
What?! That isn't possible.
The forecast for Sabaody
Archipelago today
is clear and sunny!
[HAREDAS]
Thunder would be excessive.
After all, we don't wanna
scare the civilians, now.
I wasn't expecting those bubbles
to give us so much grief.
Bubbles or not, you can't
complain about the wind.
No, sir, that breeze got us
where we wanted to be
right on schedule.
Well, of course it did!
When it's something for Nami,
she gets nothing but the best.
[laughs]
[ALL laugh]
[HAREDAS] We'll miss you on
Weatheria, young lady.
But get out there
and give it your all!
Hey! What's it doin'?
Are we sure this is
supposed to inflate?
[CHOPPER] Whoa! Now our
boat's got a bubble roof!
This is how it works.
A ship that is properly coated
has the ability to withstand
almost any sort of pressure,
but it also has very
little buoyancy.
The floating bag
beneath the ship
is the only thing
keeping us afloat.
By deflating it, the Sunny
will become less buoyant
and begin to sink.
It's pretty simple, really.
[BOTH]
Huh. Interesting.
[NAMI]
Maybe not simple enough.
Forget about it for now,
let's spread the sail!
[BROOK, CHOPPER]
Why?
We use it to catch
the water current,
similar to how we would use
the wind above sea level.
I was hopin' we'd just sink
down to Fishman Island. Darn.
[NAMI]
All right!
We'd better hurry unless we
wanna get in another fight!
[MARINE N] This is Central Unit
Platoon Five at Grove 42!
We have an emergency!
The troops from Platoon
Two have been found,
but they've all succumbed
to a severe depression!
[MARINE O] Tell 'em to suck it
up and get back in the fight!
[MARINE GG] I suck. I should've
been born a water flea.
[MARINE N]
What we've been able to gather
is that Straw Hat Luffy
flew off on a giant bird.
[MARINE O]
So he's not even there?
Then what are you
guys shooting at?
[MARINE N]
We are currently under attack
by unknown enemies!
[PERONA]
Tch. What a jerk!
After all I've done for him,
he's given me
nothing but trouble.
I really should go find a
new boy-toy to play with.
[CHOPPER]
Reinforcements got here quick.
We were just about to leave.
Heads up!
[MARINE P] The Straw Hat
ship is now within range!
Uh. But we may have a problem!
A large bird is heading
straight for us!
Oh, wow!
[gasps]
From behind, too?
[SANJI]
I got it!
Like what ya see, Nami?
I've gotten a lot stronger.
Go ahead and take it in.
--[sputtering]
--No, not again!
[MARINE Q] Platoon Five,
come in! What's going on?
[MARINE R]
Well, it isn't good.
We've hit interference.
We couldn't possibly
have anticipated this.
[MARINE HH]
Ah! Have mercy!
[BOTH gasp]
How could you ever think of
turning beauties like us away?
As if!
[GREEN HAIR QUEEN]
Maybe they're all shy.
[PINK HAIR QUEEN] There's
nothing to be ashamed of, boys!
Let's have a cup of tea!
And cookies, too!
How awful! Truly, this
is worse than death!
Hi, there! You've got
such an adorable face!
[MARINE R]
Ah! No! Let me go!
[MARINES yelling]
[MARINE Q]
What's wrong now?
Platoon Five,
finish your report!
[ELIZABETH] This is for you,
Sanji. Make it count!
[chokes]
Whoa, whoa! Take it
easy, Sanji! Breathe!
Oh. Usopp. It's you.
Sorry, it felt like
someone had gotten
a death grip on my heart.
Bag's deflated!
Awesome! You guys ready?
[ZORO]
Yeah, we're all set!
[LUFFY]
That it, Nami?
Yeah. Just say the
word, Captain.
[USOPP chuckles]
[LUFFY]
All right.
Listen up, guys!
There's a lot I wanna say,
but we don't have much time.
One thing can't wait, though.
What you went through these past
two years was selfish of me,
so thanks for
puttin' up with it.
You make it sound like this
has never happened before.
That's no joke!
You've always been a
selfish piece of work.
[laughs]
[MARINE T] Rear Admiral!
The pirate ship is submerging!
We can't wait!
Listen, you have no idea how
dangerous those pirates are!
Move your ship! Now.
Pretty please?
[MARINES]
Yes, please?
[HANCOCK]
Take care of yourself, Luffy.
[LUFFY]
Spread the sail!
[BROOK, ZORO, CHOPPER]
Right!
Let's go!
[STRAW HATS]
Yeah!
[LUFFY]
We're off to Fishman Island!
[NARRATOR]
Encased in a protective bubble,
the Sunny departs for Fisman
Island far under the sea.
As the Straw Hats marvel
at the sights,
Franky tells a tale of
the man who proved to be
the crew's greatest ally
in their time apart.
Then, suddenly, a mysterious
shadow closes in on the ship.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Surprising Fact! The Man
Who Guarded the Sunny!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!